chore: prepare for release (#85)
michen00/invisible-squiggles: .github/copilot-instructions.md

# Copilot Instructions for invisible-squiggles

> Keep this concise for Copilot; richer context lives in `AGENTS.md`.

## Fast Facts

- VSCode extension toggles error/warning/info/hint squiggles transparent.
- Command: `invisible-squiggles.toggle`, status bar eye (👁️), global settings only.

> - Runtime: Node 20.x/22.x; VSCode ^1.100.0; ESBuild bundles to `dist/`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Runtime: Node 20.x/22.x; VSCode (min version from package.json)/stable; ESBuild bundles to `dist/`.
```
